Hello, gang. How's it going? Thank you for coming.
My name is Comptroller Jeff Davis and Harmontown is now in session.
Rob Schrab.
Hey, hey, Spencer Crittenden.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hi. Thanks, folks.
All right. We got a lot of show for you tonight, so let me get my thoughts out there.
Looking good, Dan.
Thanks, buddy. I wasn't fishing for that.
Is that a Hawaiian design on your shirt there, that design?
There's a shirt from Tahiti.
Can I see your shirt?
Thank you.
That's Tahiti on it.
Looks Hawaiian.
Yeah.
You guys see this documentary about Michelle Carter, the young lady who was famous a while back.
Remember the big viral story, she encouraged the suicide of her boyfriend through text messages.
Remember that?
No.
Can I watch this documentary?
I think it's a mini, maybe there's a couple parts, and I can't remember where the hell.
Sorry. Just Google it. There's got to be one documentary.
Sorry, I should have got my facts straight, but I really recommend it. It's fucking incredible.
It's mind-blowing to me how you receive the story, and it's like, how many more details could you possibly get?
You felt at the time that you got the details, and that's what's click-clickable about stuff is always the gritty details.
But the documentary kind of reveals that most things probably, if you get all the gritty details,
where it becomes this homogenous paste and what you have is a big fucking pudding of a couple crazy kids,
neither of which really deserve, I mean, I don't, I personally got to the end of the documentary
feeling like, if I was a judge, I wouldn't charge her with anything.
And if you haven't watched the documentary, I realize how insane that must sound, which is why you have to watch it,
because we all read the same headlines and news stories, and it's pretty crazy to see how directed your thoughts get
by the total just impersonal system of click-following.
What's selling? What are people going to click on?
And how underneath it, mythically, it really does have to do with,
like, there's a journalist in there who kind of lays it down and goes like, this has to do with teenage girls
and our desire to believe that they're crazy, stupid, psycho, spoiled, you know,
and we click on that story over and over again, like we have these archetypes that we want to invest in.
Check out that documentary.
The only reason I wrote it down is because I was like, so they have this title sequence,
it's like one of those fancy HBO show, it's kind of title sequence that's just kind of images,
and I was like, am I getting older? Am I just finding more stuff in poor taste now?
The title sequence is just a smoky interior of a car.
It's just like smoke and like a gear shift and I'm like, what, don't, what, because the guy killed himself
with the carbon monoxide in his car.
And it's like, so it's like, I was like, smoky car, yeah, I get it, like Mickey Mouse in it,
you know, like creatively that's offensive before you even get into psychologically.
Anyways, all right, okay, moving right along, did you know goats?
We were at a wedding, they had goats at the wedding, or the wedding was at a place that had goats.
You know, they got squared.
Wait, wait, which wasn't?
Well, I'm not going to cast any dispersions because both families are from Georgia, so, but no, it was a,
they're good, they're good.
Were goats invited to the wedding or this is a wedding that was goat-adjacent?
It was the husband's family.
It was at this crazy kind of like greenhouse farm in Santa Barbara.
Yeah, it was a beautiful remote farm location.
The actual service was right on this like plane overlooking the beach like you see in like a Hollywood movie
of a wedding and we're like, that doesn't happen in real life.
It was nuts.
Do you see those goats?
Did you hear, were you there?
Oh yeah, I'm well acquainted with goat pupils.
Continue.
Oh yeah.
Goat pupils are rectangular.
Yes, they are.
90 degree quarters.
You didn't know this?
They look like panorama thumbnails.
No.
Because they have 330 degrees.
We've been doing this podcast for seven years and we never, you still don't know that goat
rectangles.
You still don't know this?
It's so that goats can have 330 degree vision, which at first you think-
That's hot.
You're a goat who even cares what's in front of you.
Wait, were these goats just-
That's exactly the point.
Were these goats just intermittent?
Were they wandering about?
They're in a pen.
I hear that goats' legs on one side are shorter than the other.
Is that true?
But then you look around and you see all these other animals.
You see some chickens.
He evaded your question, Rob.
You see how he evaded that?
I want to get to the truth.
And you see some cows.
Or I'm just finishing my bet.
I might be just finishing my bet.
You look around and you see some chickens and some cows.
And they all got these big round eyes and the goat's like, what did you have for breakfast?
Rectangular.
Yeah, that's why they need them.
330 degree vision.
When's the last time you ate a goat?
Brother?
Last week.
But you guys had some funny questions about that.
Rob says, Rob alleges that half of goat's legs are shorter than the other half.
I think that's maybe there's a certain breed of goats.
There's certain subspecies or whatever.
Circle goats.
Unless that's a myth.
Yeah, because they're born on the side of mountains.
Whoa.
I grew up with a goat.
We had a goat when I was a kid.
That's awesome.
And then one day our horse fell on the goat and knocked one of the horns out of the goat's head.
Have I told the story before?
No.
What happened?
The goat just told you.
Shut up.
The goat.
I'm busy.
The goat had one of his horns.
I think it was his left horn.
Completely.
Steve Levy on the ice machine.
The horn was not clear out of its head.
And then maggots would get into it because now there was a clean path into its brain.
Sure.
We've talked about this before.
How could there not be?
Clean path into its brain.
Yeah, and then I would have to trade off with my brother for the shittiest chore of all time
was go out with a can of, a spray can of iodine and a spoon.
Sure.
A metal spoon, like a big like.
You ever scoop out any brains?
No, because I didn't have to get that far in there.
But I had to go and spray yellow, awful iodine and like headlock a goat and spray iodine
into it, which the goat, guess what, didn't like that.
Sure.
And then I would take the spoon and scrape out the maggots and throw them out and it would
make a kind of a scrappy bone sound because we had to do that until the, until the horn
started regrowing and I didn't have to scrape maggots out of a goat face.
Well, you didn't finish your story.
Huh?
You didn't finish your story.
What?
Long story short, I'm fucking it.
You know what I mean?
Fucking it.
Fucking the brain hole.
So the end of your bit was chickens and cows have round eyes.
No, the end of the bit.
And you were upset that we didn't know you were doing a bit.
The end of the bit when he says, what did you have for breakfast?
Upset?
Bored?
Yeah.
Like, like, like over it, you know, just like, yeah, I'll finish talking about this.
What did you have for breakfast?
That was the joke.
You know what?
That's a metaphor for that goat.
Life.
The rust belt.
Oh, okay.
Lost its horn.
You know, clear path to its brain.
Okay.
Through that wound.
Maggot set in.
Wizard of Oz kind of shit.
Yeah.
I was, I was just to finish, I was getting to the goat thanked Jeff.
He said, thank you.
You know, that's like Jeff's stories.
Oh, the goat thanked me.
Oh, the goat thanked you.
Thank you.
I just think that, okay, so I was thinking about my dogs today while I was in the pool.
And I was, I was, I suddenly thought like, you know, because we put all this to do about
like, oh, mankind shaped dogs like development, you know, and like, but then I started to
think like, because it was, you know, I've always used the example of like, well, you
know, there's a, it's like what we're not saying about that shaping is that the dogs
that didn't behave or look the way we liked, you know, they ended up thrown on the campfire.
And it was like, like, that's how you like shape an animal that fast and it's just like
awful eugenics.
But then I was thinking today, I was like, you know, these dogs, like, because I was
watching Harvey's tail and I'm like, he's in a new house and there's a, I've read online
about the vocabulary of their tails, you know, there's a whole language to their tails.
It's like, it's certain altitudes and angles and then like amounts of rhythms of wagging
and all this stuff.
And I was like, you know, but there was nothing that I read in the article about dogs tails
that actually surprised me.
And then it made me, I was like, well, yeah, that's kind of a, I already knew that I already,
I didn't see it written in print, but I knew that the higher the tail this and the slower
the tail that and blah, blah, blah.
And then I was thinking today, I'm like, he's not, so I have an inborn sense in me as a
homo sapien of like dog tail recognizing just as much as dogs are being born that have this
sort of innate sense of like, they look at the more expressive side of our face.
They don't know they're being born with this, like these predisposed bread into their gene
pool, like a couplings with human behavior.
And I'm starting to think like, well, geez, we're human, you know, don't you think that
there's a certain amount to which like only the humans that understood dogs well enough
survived to reproduce with other humans?
Yeah.
After, after a certain point, like if you're just not a dog person, by the way, how many
not a dog people are here, homo sapiens?
Not a lot.
I mean, some of you don't have dogs, but a lot of people hate cats, I don't get them.
But like, like, like, like, how many people are just like, I'm not a dog, dog person.
Like maybe not a dog owner, because you're scared, you don't want to like, you know,
engage in this freaky relationship.
I get that.
You're saying that the humans love of dogs, that that is a, we've been bred out.
Dog haters are gone.
They don't, they don't get laid.
They might even get mauled to death.
We don't know what dead men tell no tales.
Are there any dog, does anybody here, like, and be honest, and don't just, you know,
don't like, lie about it, but like, there's anybody, don't try to be a hero by saying
you hate dogs.
Yeah.
But does anybody here actually have an aversion to dogs?
Aversion is different.
I could say though, there's a lot of people with allergies, there's people who could be
scared of dogs, but there was no applause for that.
Right.
I mean, I'm just, yeah, like, like, it really is cliche, but that whole man's best friend
thing.
It's like, geez, there's a two way street happening.
I just thought today, it was like, holy cow, man, who's walking who, you know, I mean,
I'm sure we've had a tremendous impact, but like, like, like we, I bet there's a whole
like, like, like splinter of humans that don't exist because they couldn't read the tail
right.
You know what I mean?
What does the high tail mean versus the low tail?
Well, the high tail is just general.
Like, I mean, what do you think it means?
What do you feel it means in your heart if a dog's got its tail, like, way up in the
air?
Excitement.
Yeah.
I mean, like, well, and, and, and positive excitement, right?
Like, not just, what, what, what, seems like a clickbait to me, like the article,
I don't know what your dog's feeling based on tail.
When it's wagging fast, it's happy.
What do you think?
When it's wagging slowly.
It's less happy.
What do you think?
What about a dog when its tail is straight?
Like, like, like if it's a sticking straight out, like a board, right?
Like, like, totally like a squirrel is in its area when it's down.
We all know what that means.
We use that expression for ourselves on week.
And then there's a whole language to their barks too, which we also instinctively understand.
You test humans, including human non-dog owners, and they all have an innate understanding
of which types of barks mean there's a person at the door, someone's trying to break into
my car, they saw an animal, like humans.
Do a bark for me and I'm going to, I'm going to give you my, I'm going to give you my honest,
like, like, like Rorschach tests, like, like, like you, you give me, can I help?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to help you.
So are we doing the barks or are reading the barks?
Are you barking?
No, I'm going to, I'm going to reveal some things I've learned about dog barking by
trial.
I'm going to do, I'm going to do a dog bark.
He'll do it and then we'll talk it over.
Yeah.
You do a bark and then Schrab and I and Spencer, we're going to, we're going to analyze.
Okay.
But don't look at my face because I'll give it away because I'm human.
So like, like, like, yeah.
Okay.
Eyes closed.
So here's dog bark number one.
You tell me what this means.
Okay.
And this is based on an actual bark that you are familiar with.
I'm not looking at you.
Yeah, and also I heard a thing on a podcast of two that breaks down like what, the vocabulary
of dog barks.
Like, what's the bark podcast?
I can't remember.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
They didn't do any work.
They don't deserve any credit.
Okay.
I, I, I, I, I'm not looking at dog number one and tell me, tell me, tell me what this
means.
Okay.
Spencer, Schrab and I are going to, going to evaluate your bark.
Got so much lint on my leg.
Stay focused Schrab.
Okay.
I got it.
I think I got it.
Spencer, what do you think?
That means everything.
Right?
What you got, Rob?
I think get up.
Get, it means get, get out of here.
Go, go.
I think that it's a stranger danger.
Yeah.
Okay.
So here's, here's one of the things.
Let me try one more.
And then we'll bring our guests out.
One more.
No, we're going to do fucking 30 of these.
Well, we'll do it.
We'll do it with her.
Yeah.
We'll bring it.
Okay.
Um, she's a, she's a veterinarian.
You're going to love her.
Okay.
Um, the, uh, here's, here's, here's another, uh, type.
So tell me what you think this part.
Can I look at you this time?
No.
Well, no, I'd rather you didn't.
Okay.
I'm going to express with my face.
Like, I'm going to have towels.
Okay.
Here we go.
Do it one more time.
Can I have the bark?
No, I'm not joking.
Give it to me.
I know.
Because that, that, that was a lot.
I think I can do better too.
That was a lot.
Yeah.
Can I have the bark?
You just ended up doing Seth Meyers.
Okay.
Um, all right.
All right.
It is just that paint the space.
Yeah.
You don't look at my face.
I will never.
Okay.
Just come on.
That means war is hell, man.
They got Johnny.
Yeah.
I think that means to stay away from my food.
Yes.
To whom?
Another dog.
Yes.
Now, how does he know that?
What I learned in the podcast is the vocabulary of dogs.
It's about sharpness of the bark versus like gravel.
So that's it.
And it's about, so they're, um, uh, the more the sharper, uh, the,
the barks with more fidelity.
Like if you looked at them on an oscilloscope, the ones with a
minute shape to them, that are just punctuated sharp, sharp.
They're, they're, they're announcing something, but if there's
like more gravel.
Can I give you a scenario?
Can I give you a scenario and then you could do a bark?
Okay.
My question is because we have, we have, there's a stranger at
the door.
That's that right.
Well, can I do it?
Wait, can I just do third one?
I want to do a third one.
Cover your eyes.
Emotionally nuanced one.
Don't look at me because if you look at me, you'll know what
it is.
And we'll go back to what I wanted.
Okay.
Cover.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
It was a good idea.
Here it goes.
I'm not looking.
What do you guys think?
I would say take, try that one more time.
Okay.
I think that's a dog that is sleepy and has taken mescalem.
I see it's a good thing you didn't look at me.
See, I think, I think that's like a dog like, like wanting to
kind of play or whatever, kind of, you know, kind of.
There's a dog asking if they had gluten free rolls and then
realizing, you know what, it's about the carbs with me.
I can't pretend it's healthy just because of some fucking
gluten word I learned yesterday.
I'm out of here.
I want to lose weight.
Our next guest.
Oh yeah.
What was your bit?
I was good.
It's not a bit.
Why don't we bring out the guest and have her be a part of this?
That could be fun.
This is absolutely steamroll.
This important inquiry that we're doing right now.
Okay.
Our next guest has already been a guest very recently too.
I just like her.
I thought we'd have her back.
Let's have Heather Anne Campbell come out.
Hello, Heather Anne Campbell.
Hey, sorry.
Hello, hi.
Heather Anne Campbell, one of my favorite improvisers and
favorite peoples in the universe.
Hello.
It's good to see you.
Hi, Jeff.
You look like the dark night version of like a Mario
brother.
I'll take it.
We're kind of in the same outfit.
Totally unplanned.
Yeah.
You both have like coveralls on.
And a hat.
What are you doing?
I've got a blazzy.
Uh, I almost ate my потребa.
No, you don't have to wash.
Rob got steamrolled before you came out.
What did you, what were you going to, what was the dog?
I was going to give you a scenario.
And I wanted to hear what the dog.
Heather, are you a dog owner?
Jesus Christ.
I just want to talk it five times in a row with this shit.
Heather, are you a dog aficionado?
Are you a dog lover?
Dog Liker.
Do you have a dog?
I'm not doing it now.
No, I'm not.
I want to bring our guest into the fold here Schrab. No, I feel like I feel like he had something you needed to say
So if you if you have something I'll I can take we can take a moment and I'll answer
Oh, we can come back to that. I only ask I like are you a dog person? Is this okay if I answer this?
Yes, okay great
So I do I'm taking yes. I I co-own a dog with my girlfriend. Okay. It's primarily her dog
But now it is also my dog fantastic. So you're qualified to weigh in on this dog. Yes inquiry that we are engaging
It is a it is a Maltese and it's completely wall-eyed and it just came we just found out it as Cushing's disease
What does that mean? That's where it plays grandma of Tarkin and Star Wars
If you want to see an unearned mug
Five dollars a month five dollars a month while it lasts
What is Cushing's disease? I hope it's not serious. I hope it's adorable. Well, no
Uh, it thinks hot dogs are socks. Come on Cushing. That would be it would be it's not a it
It has a tumor on either. It's it's it's pituitary or adrenal glands
Which a release a bunch of cortisol into its blood, which is the stress hormone. So the dog is totally stressed out all the time
And yet you find it delightful if you knew how dumb the dog looked
But there it's on medicine and hopefully it's treat it's totally treatable
It's just not the most ideal way for a dog to live, but it's gonna be okay
Is that a disease that exists in humans or just in dogs? I I I don't know. I don't know
I'm not a yes. Yes Cushing's disease affects human beings and dogs. It is transferable from one to the other
Okay, great. I got a woo. So that's correct
All right, so say I said all right Schrab. What was your thing gonna be just totally okay?
So I was just gonna say you're working on anything Heather
Yeah, I got one
This is what you're like to other people
That's true very true very true I
Was gonna say like I want to give you a scenario I want to hear what the dog bark with
Okay, and do we need to close our eyes while you do this right now?
You're gonna know yeah, exactly so okay
Pay attention to me to the owner like pay attention like pay attention
You want to hear what that bark sounds like? Yeah
You know pay attention me saying pay attention to me. Yeah, you're the dog
And I'm like I'm like I'm my phone or I'm reading a book
So get get try to really get my attention, okay, okay for real right
Oh
No
Stop it
Well, yeah, I nailed it. I just wanted that to go on for an hour. Yeah
I
You're the dog and you're trying to express to Rob your owner or Heather
That
You haven't been walked in a while and it's time to go romp and play. I'll do it Harvey does
He does these like chew back of like
Like utterances that are like human. It's like he's trying to talk like a person
Heather, what's your dog's name Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn my dog lolly?
Sneezes okay when she wants to be paid attention to like if I'm in bed too long in the morning she'll go
Does this Brooklyn do anything
Brooklyn's too stressed out man
Yeah, I'm curious what is
Brooklyn is like for the last few months while she's been coming down with this has been perpetually laid out in the middle of the room
Arms flat like belly flat on the ground arms spread out like the world is moving too quickly
Yeah, like a bear rug. Yeah, but uh, yeah, I think I read that
Sneezing in a dog means I'm not a threat like they'll sneeze when they play with each other to remind each other that they're not a threat
I think she's I thought there was I thought my house was dirty. I got it. I like they're constantly
You know like yeah together they do I'm like Jesus Christ. What's wrong with my house?
Well, they do it to each other. Well, yeah
They kind of like both like like especially if they've been laying around all day
And then they kind of like start getting up and getting frisky, and then it's like
Like they start sneezing all over the place. I think that means I'm not a threat. We're playing. I think I read that somewhere
What does it mean that Nigel just fucks the hell out of Harvey like I?
Think I know I think it's just like anxiety
Like it says like like like because he Nigel can't win a game of fetch with Harvey
So he's just learned now that's what I do that if he lets Harvey get the ball Harvey
I'll eventually get so tired he has to lay down and like chew his ball and try to keep someone for taking it
And then Nigel's just like like climbs up by him and just rails him for
Until what until nothing he's a fixed dog like I don't it's can't be anything but pure just like comfort for him
What is Harvey's like?
What is the look on Harvey's face like Harvey just acts like either Harvey like acts like he paid for it like
like he's like yeah
But but like not like oh, yeah
But I can't tell if Harvey's ignoring it if he's conscious of it because heart Nigel's not really getting anywhere near
His actual
Opening I mean Harvey's the size of a skyscraper compared to him. So he's just like rubbing his Harvey never has a very complicated
Look in his eyes. He's a pretty simple. Yeah, but Nigel just like his legs are so much shorter
So it's just like he just lays his front legs on Harvey like like but they just they don't touch the ground
He just like like gets on his back and he puts both paws on either side of him and lays his chin down across
Harvey's back and just
For five dollars a month you can see
But I don't know if I'm supposed to stop them. Do you know anything about this? I'm not asking cuz you're gay. I don't
Asking cuz you're a dog owner
Yeah, well, I mean okay, you know, it's supposed to stop. It's like sleepwalking. Is there anything like like this?
I can't stop them. I think humans have a hair trigger for this domination talk when we think about dogs and how they interact with each other
Like I did what I've learned from modern dog books is that we we we go to that word too much for it to explain their behavior
My dog fucks where the food comes out of
like it
It has a it has a toy that delivers treats and after the treats have come out of the toy
It fucks the toy
So I don't know that it's dominance. I think I think it's I
Think I think you're right because lolly has we got we got her a big stuffed animal
Actually, it was Kate stuffed animal became lollies after we came home and caught her fucking the hell out of it
And she was just like
I was like, okay, well now it's yours
Not gonna hang out with that anymore
But but she'll like grab it and toss it around and flip it in the air and just like roll around on it and then
Finish with a good old. Yeah, bonus. Yeah, same. Yeah, and my dog is a female dog
So I don't so it's just fun. Yeah, I think I think if you want what I've learned is that when it's doing when she's
Fucking her toy if I say good girl, she'll look at me and stop
Like because of the screw. That's a normal reaction. Yeah, well, I think I
Think I think she comes to and it's like, what am I doing?
I mean, she's good at fucking where the food comes out
I wonder if it feels good at all and if it does if that's not incredibly frustrating because it can't achieve
The culmination do female dogs do like a hump like like like they actually do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay
So there's a here's a here's something that Lollie does after she takes a shit
So she'll take a shit and then she'll like
Kick grass and dirt up and miss and all over the place like not even touching the shit
She'll kick it on my face kick it on my arms kick it on the house
Whatever it's all over the place misses it now
I know she's trying what she's probably trying to do trying to cover up the shit
So no other animals come around and go. Oh, there's shit here. I'm gonna have a little dog to eat later
That's what I'm thinking
But it's like hard wire to your brain
I mean, I bet you're right, but boy, what a what an innocent time that must have been in the biosphere
Where you could just window shop for feces. Hmm. Hmm smells like a rabbit's been around here
I think I'll just set up camp and wait for it to come back take another shit
Well, they probably do because they go, oh a rabbit eats a lot of grass
So it's like oh, I'm gonna go after that thing and if you smell like I
Know but cut to this blade runner
Landscape of flaming smokes tax, but the animals are still doing the same things
But it's like oh better bury that shit leste fucking jackalope
Pray on me by smelling it. It's like you ain't got nothing to worry about
Here's another thing flies why flies fly away when you go they're on the shit
You walk up to the turd and the flies get they go run
You're fine
I wasn't gonna do anything you're fine. I'm not gonna take it away. I'm not gonna swat you
But here's the thing here's my question to the room. So so my dog is really bad
I'm covering up her own shit. I don't think she knows why she does it. She just knows I'm taking a shit
I got to do this thing. It's in my hand. So she's doing it wrong and
And I wish I could say hey you miss you're missing it
Just if you're gonna do it do it right or whatever, but my question is what are we as human beings?
Doing naturally right but completely wrong, you know, like if like the next evolutionary stage look down on what oh jeez
Why are you you you're obviously doing that to do this, but you're doing it so well
I'll tell you my vote here. We go lying. I think I think we're gonna look back. Well, maybe now we but like
The next stage of our evolution. We're gonna be like holy shit people just kept lying
It was like insane. It was killing them. They lied so much and there was nothing to hide
What the hell were there and then they'll be like well, you don't understand at the time
It was like if you told the truth about this then you could get a lot of trouble
It's like yeah, but not if everyone told the truth and they're gonna be like really snobby about it
They're gonna be like all you gotta do is just be honest
But they won't have a choice because all of us be drives for brains that everyone could just look in
And that but they're gonna be really happy and like incredibly horny
Because you want to have to go to a bar to find out who's into tentacle porn
Hey, oh one more animal fact
Octopuses you guys know do you guys know that cows do you know why cows have hooves?
Why do they they lack toes
Do you know what do you know what do you know what a female buffalos as to
Here we go I know why is she female do you know what a mommy buffalo says to her son when she drops him off at school you fucker I
But you you said female buffalo house like bicep, but I didn't want to say it that early because that would be impressive
What say it again? What is it? What is it? What is a mommy buffalo say to her son? You know why Heather Ann's back
Why she text me today camble?
Do you know why Heather Ann
Camble, right? Yeah, she texted me today. Hey, I heard you like Hudson Hawk
There's only one kind of person that texts that a Hudson Hawk fan, and I've only ever met one of them
Text today. I like I like Hudson Hawk. All right. Okay. There's three of us. All right. I mean, I don't love it
But it's it's think it deserves more credit. I think it was Danny. I yellows best turn
As I said to Heather Ann today. I mean hey all other movies. Here's your medal for not trying
What
Hudson Hawk tries yes
I I show the movie to friends once a year I make people watching on my birthday sometimes
That's Xanadu Xanadu Xanadu is a fucking freak out. It's not a great movie, and yet I'm fascinated by it
Yep, is Xanadu the one with the leather X that Connery wears? No, that's Zardos
Zardos is fucking a bummer
Zardos I want to like Zardos, but that movie does not want you to like it. No
Zardos asks you to hate that movie. Yeah, because there's only so much Sean Connery wearing
Underpants and high leather boots. I know I already mentioned this and I can't remember the director's name
But the director's commentary for Zardos does begin with the director saying hello. I'm so and so I directed Zardos
I'll be the first to admit it kind of got away from me. Let's proceed
Wow, I mean the thing is the movie starts off the movie was was the Rick and Morty episode I show me what you got
Well, that was that was a Zardos riff, right?
The giant
Yeah, the drop-in-loads heads that are on the Gazorpazort planet with that that give all the sex dolls to the to the male
Population the surface dollars those heads are definitely Zardos heads
But they also are supposed they look a little bit like Nick Manning the porn star and they drop loads and say dropping loads
What happened to Nick Manning? He disappeared
He was in a Batman
porn parody
Yeah, what year he's gone. He's his load just dropped off the face of the earth
Who? Well, who are you talking about?
Do you know Nick Manning?
No, it's the it's the younger
It's the guy you don't think there's a guy that every time he comes in a porno. He says dropping loads. I didn't I'm happily unfamiliar with that
It's like it's like he was he was on stern a lot
Like the stern was fascinated with it because he was the first porn star that I know of that if you're like all these decades of
Of of porn movies like finally one male porn star just decided how about every time I come?
I say the same thing no matter what movie I'm in no one can fire me. I just came drop and load
He's in the batman one. He says
dropping bat loads
I mean
I think that might have been his shark
Nick Manning if if you're out there and you're in trouble like come tell us about it. Why is he dropping him?
Dropping is so funny
I know because it's not I mean it somebody I've ever read an article about like there you won't you won't see a lot of
male porn star names
They they don't tend to go for like the dick
Hard-on like they don't they try to they steer they steer clear of like kind of like overtly
kind of like
evocations of erectness and impenetrability and things like that and and
I there's some psychological reason for that
Like like and and by the same token. That's probably why his catchphrase isn't like shooting lasers
You know, it's just dropping loads. It's like is it you want to throw it away? You don't want to look what I do
I fuck for a living. I don't fuck. I'm not I'm not flash Gordon
Dropping loads. I I occasionally do a character on uh on our who's live shows where I'm the world's oldest porn star
And his name is dust dusty loads. Yeah
Well. Given low
Did
Granting granting a subscription access to loads
Prop triggering giving free loads with an in-app purchase
Beat of fucking eagle
What road trying to loosen my load. That's the grossest lyric of all. Hey
Hey Eagles, stop loosening your load.
You know, I've never come what I would call a load.
Huh?
I've never come what I would call a load.
What would you call, what would you call it?
Not a load.
I don't know, like a teaspoon.
A teaspoon.
You know, like a healthy teaspoon, if I'm like.
Yeah.
Like, you know, I just like.
Bequeathing teaspoon.
Bequeathing.
Proffering, proffering a healthy dose of medicine.
But choose nothing.
Bequeathing a teaspoon.
You know what's a cool word?
Slake.
Like a thirst?
Yeah, that's the only thing that gets slaked.
Yeah.
Pretty cool word.
Yeah, can you slake anything else?
I don't think you can slake anything.
I mean, it probably can.
English is a no wrong answer.
You can slake a thirst.
But can you slake a dragon or a football?
You could slake a dragon of thirst.
You slake the dragon of thirst, yeah.
That's Sprite's new Super Bowl halftime show, slogan.
Slake the dragon of thirst.
Heather Ann, how's it going on?
How did this get played?
It's going well.
We had to cancel our London show today
and it made me real sad.
Damn, when was the London show?
It was this Saturday.
Is that gonna, wait, no, that's not London Comic-Con
or anything like that.
No, it's London Podcast Festival.
Why, why did you cancel?
Secret?
Brexit.
Huh?
No, I don't know what the official reason
that was put out was, but my co-host fell ill
so we can't go and I hope he gets better.
But I was super bummed out because I love London.
Yeah, that's the best.
Yeah, it's fucking great.
Who's the co-host?
Nick Weiger.
Nick Weiger, from-
Oh, the sick guy?
Yes.
Sick guy.
Sick Weiger, yeah.
But yeah, he fell ill so we can't go and, you know.
I wonder if there's like some insurance reason
why that had to be a secret and now he's fucked.
I think it was, the thing was that he,
I don't think he wanted, you know,
he didn't want to take all the ire for it,
but I just did that, so.
Oh, I see, he didn't want it to be because of him.
Yeah, yeah, but now, you know, now they know.
It was Nick.
Have you been having fun playing a bad video game?
That show is fun when we're recording
and it's really miserable the rest of the time.
Because you're having a research.
Yeah, so I play, on Sundays,
I play like maybe four, five to eight hours
of a terrible video game and that's my schedule,
my scheduled time to do the thing for the podcast
and take a bunch of notes and I've had to give up
like good video games, I can't play any good ones,
I just play shit.
I can't help but think that that sounds a little fun.
We thought it would be.
And then our first episode in, after the tape,
Nick was like, I think we have miscalculated.
How do you pick the games?
You seek out games you know are going to be bad?
Yeah, so either like via, if there's like a theme,
then it'll be like a Metacritic,
like what's the worst game in this genre?
Today was, the episode was about Seaman,
the Dreamcast virtual pet,
because today is the 20th anniversary
of the release of the Dreamcast.
So we picked that game, it sucked.
They're all so bad.
Seaman.
Seaman is a.
Colin, dropping loads.
Yeah.
They really leaned into it with the press
or the advertisements, are you taking off?
He'll be back.
You're gonna, you gotta go?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Oh, okay.
I drank too much.
Are you gonna drop loads?
All right.
Are you gonna come into the toilet?
Don't get a turd, Pregnant.
If you do, bring it on stage.
Yeah.
Seaman notable for having a microphone peripheral,
am I mistaken?
Yeah, there was a microphone that you snapped
into the controller and the only way to interact
with the game was to talk to it.
No, not the only way.
Yeah.
Like go left, go right.
You can't, there is no go left.
There's only talking to Seaman.
There's only talking.
It fucking sucks.
I'm telling you, it fucking blows.
Because it's Dreamcast.
What year is this from?
Like 2000, 1999, somewhere in there.
And you have to talk to it and say,
go here or go there?
No, you just talked.
No.
It doesn't go anywhere.
You just have breakfast?
What is it?
It grows up.
It grows up and then you talk to it
and asks you questions and remembers your answers.
And then it-
Why is he Seaman?
Because he's a fish.
Fish with a human face, a bald man's face.
Pretty unattractive.
I'm telling you, the show is a nightmare.
A grown ass man?
Yeah, a grown human man's face and the fish body.
And it's like a baby though with a grown man's face.
What style of animation or like-
What?
Wait, what?
What are the visuals like on this?
Like what does it look like?
So it's like you're looking at a fish tank
and in the fish tank is a fish with a human face.
Was it the 3D kind of thing?
Or is it the 3D?
No, it's PS1 graphics, PS2.
It's PS2 era.
I love that there has to be a tank in the video game
to keep the fish from escaping.
The video game.
Well, it's-
And so is there an end game where you just interact
with this fish?
You interact with it until it becomes an adult
and then it goes away.
It's a metaphor for childbirth.
Wait, it goes away and then it scrolls credits?
Yeah.
Yes.
You start the game over.
Yes, that's for real.
That's for real.
And Thanksgiving comes back with a horrible girlfriend.
It's a polysine major.
It's just problematizing every fucking thing in the table.
Does the fish talk back to you?
Yes.
And what does it sound like?
It's like-
David Press.
It's like here, I'll do my best impression.
It's like, so how are you doing today?
Oh.
I'm asking you, like that, it's got a fucking attitude.
And do you have, is it like Sims?
If you don't talk to it, it dies or do you have to-
If you don't talk to it, it gets stupid.
So what winning is it going away?
I guess it's like-
I would imagine losing is it just stays
on eventually mass shoots and blames you in its letter.
Too soon?
There's one a week for the last 10 years.
I tried, when I was playing it for the show,
I found a list of all the words that it recognized.
And I just was reading the list to it
to try and hack its intelligence to make it
like as smart as possible right away.
And that was not satisfying for either of us.
It's the worst way to play a bad game.
How does Seaman let you know that he's
unsatisfied with your course of action?
Because he really is irritated all the time.
Like it's not a pleasant experience.
So I'm picturing the most uncomfortable thing.
I'm having anxiety right now just thinking about it.
I'm picturing a grown man's head.
That's right, body.
That's like- it sounds like a David Lynch movie.
If I go on my phone right now and type in Seaman,
will I find Seaman?
Yeah, yeah.
It's giving me flashbacks to this potentially traumatizing
memory I had when I visited my sister's hospital.
And I believe I shared on this podcast.
And I went and I remember going wandering around
my sister's hospital.
She was institutionalized for Rhett Syndrome.
And it was a big state-funded building.
Oh, it's so much worse than I thought.
This is really gross.
And I happened to find this grown man in a crib.
I was like eight years old.
I'm peering into a crib because I just
hear this sound of a guy going, moo, moo, moo, moo.
And then I looked in and it was just a grown-ass man
with a mustache and a hot comb to like quaffed haircut.
Like somebody would come by and take real good care of him.
Like he looked like a handsome movie actor,
but he was in a diaper.
And he was calling out for his squeaky cow toy.
And so when I think of a grown adult man in a fish body
and him, yeah, I'm seeing it from a distance here.
It's not good.
Yeah.
You can hand the phone down.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, pass it along.
It looks like a life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So he's designed to look like the customer.
Of course.
I mean, it looks like a gamer.
Yeah, a circa 1999 gamer.
He just swims around and just harangues you?
Yeah, yeah.
And makes you feel bad for not being a good friend?
No, I mean, he'll be entertained once in a while.
And how does he express entertainment?
That's funny.
He did say something that really surprised me.
And I think I talked about this on our podcast.
And here I am talking about it again.
So when we were playing it, because we played in a room
with a few people.
And at some point, he was like, so do you have a boyfriend?
And I was like, no.
And he went, let me get this straight.
You do not have a boyfriend.
And I went, no.
And he goes, do you have a girlfriend?
And I went, yes.
And he goes, ah.
Well, it must be hard being in a marginalized group
inside of a marginalized portion of the population.
Wait, whoa.
And I was like, wait, so I can't tell.
Is that woke or is that not woke?
I mean, for 1999, it's super woke.
He wasn't nice.
It's also super sophisticated from a Turing's perspective.
How much information had you given it?
I had talked about it in my family and my job.
Like it knew enough about it.
But when it said this, everybody in the room
was like, Jesus Christ.
Turn it off.
It's unplugged from the wall.
Well, I mean, I know you've probably heard this already,
but I think most of us are listening to this
and going, well, that sounds rad, both as an episode
and as a game and as a job.
But you're giving us the highlights.
Yeah, yeah.
It's torture.
Yeah, but there was, in order to play it with the guest,
I had to keep one alive.
And the morning of the show, it died.
I turned it on and it floated up to the top of the tank.
Wait, wait.
It can die.
Yeah, it can die.
If you don't like, because you have to maintain it.
Internal clock on the system regulates how often you feed it
and you have to keep the temperature on the water tank.
Like it's a lot of fucking shit.
It's like a fancy, what do you call it?
Tamagotchi?
Tamagotchi, yeah.
It's like the reason we all play video games
to get away from it.
It's a human relationship.
So that was why, that day, I had to power level it
by just reading all of the words that it
knew from an internet guy.
But it didn't dig it?
No, it didn't.
Well, that sounds satanic.
You had to resurrect it by reciting words
that it knew in its death.
No, I had it.
Tennis, satanum, dominus, Play-Doh, lesbian.
Remember me?
It's me.
Wait, did you name it or is he always named Seaman?
You know, you can name him.
What did you name your Seaman?
Well, I named my Seaman, I named him Nick.
So that, because I thought that would make Nick uncomfortable.
Did it?
Yes, it did.
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
But yeah, that was.
Did it ever bring back that you're gay or that you're
lesbian?
Did it ever, like, like?
Yeah, he remembered it.
Did it ever lured that over you in any way?
No, Lord, no.
Lured it over.
No, he'd remembered it, though, later
and was like, so how is your girlfriend?
And I'm like, she's fine, is she there?
And I was like, no.
And it's like, too bad.
So I have a shot?
That's so fucked up.
Yeah, it's super fucked up.
That's really, I played Sims for a while, and I hated it.
It made me feel like a lot of weird anxiety.
Because if you, there's just all of a sudden,
there's flies in the kitchen.
Yeah.
Because you didn't do.
I don't get stuff that you can neglect as part of a game.
That freaks me the fuck out.
I'm like, I am here to neglect my life.
And then they just start walking into a wall
and banging their head against the wall
and sobbing in weird computer gibberish.
Yeah.
That's my favorite part.
I don't mind things that paying attention to them
makes them grow.
Like, I'll literally just grow fucking plants
on some iPad game for a year.
But the idea of them wilting or getting weeds
because I didn't do enough, it's a deal breaker for me.
And it's crazy the shit that's not a deal breaker for me.
Especially in these soccer mom games that I play now.
The reason your job sounds fun is because at least you're
on a console.
I just have left that life.
I sit in bed and listen to true crime podcasts.
And I just have, by my own volition,
with Cody begging me, please play Minecraft
so I can get some sleep.
I'm just like, I don't know why I have just
circling this drain, where I'm just
playing these increasingly banal games.
I'm playing shop titans now or something, what's called this.
You just run a shop, and you just keep making weapons.
People that are going on adventures that are not
part of the game are coming in, buying weapons from you,
and leaving the game so they can go play a video game.
And my job is to keep the shelves stocked
so I don't disappoint them.
That's how I win.
And what I win is more shelf space.
And I've already put like 20 bucks into it.
Don't even fucking let me kid you.
And I'm like, oh, well, I can't wait
for this wing of my story to be finished.
I'll buy some diamonds.
Anyways, I sound a lot less happy than I am.
So you're like a Forged in Fire guy
that you just make weapons and then people
come into your forge.
The honest to God truth is I'm not even making them there.
I'm actually subcontracting.
There's other kids.
I just run a store, that's it.
There's a woman that makes all the magic stuff.
There's a guy that makes all of the.
So you're just like the, you're not even the barista.
You're just the run in the cashier.
Yeah, like your management.
Yeah, I'm like a, I'm absolutely unnecessary.
In a proper society, I wouldn't exist.
I am what Lenin probably called the bourgeois.
I was like, what am I?
I'm a parasite.
Yeah, bourgeoisie.
So now.
That game sounds like a great one for the podcast.
The appeal for you, Dan, is what?
The lack of responsibility?
There's no appeal.
It's a hamster bottle filled with dopamine spikes.
You're just like lapping at it out of habit.
Because the last time I laughed at it,
a thing slid up and said five.
And I want to see it say six.
The engineers that make these games have figured it out.
There is, it's a nicotine patch.
It's a tobacco pouch.
It's fucking, it's a sharp toothpick.
You keep picking at the bloody gum with.
It's a fucking, it's cutting.
That sounds great.
I'm playing a game kind of like that called merge dragons.
Yes, I know where it's the worst.
It's the worst game that I've ever played.
I went through a merge phase.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
It seems like the kind of like it's like.
I don't like those games.
I like mechanics that are real, but boy howdy.
When you drag three rocks or if you're lucky five rocks together
and they become a bigger rock, it's like oh damn.
Yeah, but I've had days ruined where I go to drag five rocks together
and I accidentally only drag three rocks together.
Oh man, like my stomach just sinks like I'm about to get in a car wreck.
It's there's some highs and lows in merge dragons.
It's the only genre of game.
I think like this should be a tip off to us that it's not.
It's like there's no way to parody that style of game like you couldn't.
We did a joke game a million years ago that was like called Jerry's game.
It was like Jerry was playing it in the thing and there's an actual game called Jerry's game.
It's just a bunch of balloons and you just pop them.
But there are still a thousand people out there popping the fucking balloons.
And I won't go near it because I'm afraid one will be me.
And just think like I want to pop a million balloons.
And you can't therefore like famously some of the most successful game designers.
Like wasn't the flappy bird guy like doing it as a bit or something.
Yeah, I think flappy bird was a bit.
There's like a lot of stories about people like going like so what if I just do this like people will play it.
And the answer is yes.
Like because they bother to put like this aesthetic into it.
I think it's just colors and sounds and things.
It all comes down to just this feel.
It's a slot machine feel it's like like you when you merge those dragons when you water that plant.
There's just certain textural experience.
That's why they tell you to put your phone in grayscale because we're primates.
Those brains are designed to find ripe fruit.
Like we if we can locate things that look right and feel right and we can walk backward in our brains to eliminate the most amount of work possible to get that lemon.
We reward ourselves with heroin that we generate in our own brain.
And we are all Keith Richards at this point.
That would be awesome to make a satirical version of the game.
Like it would probably be very hard but like super awesome.
How would you I mean you know is it just like pocket Morty's not a satire and is it not I mean I got addicted to that game.
Like I really want to do an incremental clicker for Rick and Morty because I mean like the idea of prestigeing fitting in with timelines and stuff but whatever.
Do you think there's a game that you could design that could end civilization?
Like because all this stuff you just said is I think pretty correct.
But I feel like somebody with maybe without a moral center could harness all of those things and like really because like Pokemon Go kind of stopped everyone for a summer.
Right.
Like everybody stopped doing the like we everybody would.
Oh man.
Yeah, I got it.
Okay.
So Pokemon Go except it just makes people go to locations that are like away from a bank or something.
And then you just rob the bank or commit crimes that are synchronized towards where you're directing these people.
Yeah.
You can take over the world.
There was I think it's like a rerun but this is semantically but I think thematically related.
The current thing that's up in the rotation for Radio Lab is about this British game show.
That's basically the Prisoner's Dilemma.
It's called Golden Balls.
And it's just the Prisoner's Dilemma.
You know what that is.
No.
In the final round of this game what they do is they give the two finalists a pair of Golden Balls.
One says Split.
The other says Steel on it.
If they both talk to each other about promising which one they're going to do.
If they both choose to split, they split the jackpot.
If one of them chooses to split and the other one chooses to steal, the person that steals gets 100% of the money.
If they both choose to steal, they get nothing both of them.
So the constant thing is like why would you ever choose to split?
Even if you're not a bad person, you're so afraid of being fucked that you may as well preemptively try to fuck the other person.
It's kind of like what the Prisoner's Dilemma is which is the technique that cops use to separate suspects and they say,
your friend's in the other room telling me that you robbed the bank, what do you think?
And they'll get false confessions that way, little and real ones.
Because what are you supposed to do if you can't see your friend and go, let's just both tell them they got nothing?
And the story is about a guy who was like a game show expert who's been on like 46 game shows and he went on the show
and kind of broke it by saying to the other guy, listen, I promise you I'm going to steal.
So if you say split, I'll get all the money and I'll split it with you after the show.
But the guy was like, they argued for an hour and the audience was booing the guy because he was just doing it wrong.
He was meta and it was like, but also he wasn't negotiating.
He was simply saying, I'm drawing a hard line, I promise you I'm going to do the bad thing, therefore you can bank on it.
If you also steal, we both get nothing, you may as well choose split because it was the practical way to kind of beat the game.
And also then I think as an added fuck you to the game, the guy chose split, the other guy.
And then the hero guy also chose split, so they just split the money after doing all that for hours.
I think he just decided that would be extra hilarious.
But the other guy, this is what's interesting to me, the other guy said in his post kind of interview about it,
he talks about how upset he was with this other guy, he's not listening to me,
it's like here's my big time at this game show that's been running for three seasons,
this is the thing, you promise the other person you play this game, you lock these horns,
and the guy's just like fucking laying out this meta bullshit and he won't listen to fucking reason,
it is making me really upset. But in the end, the guy chose split and by his full honest admission after the fact,
he's like, oh yeah, I was definitely going to steal, no matter what.
But that's the one thing he didn't do.
In other words, the guy chose the only behavior that changed another person whose attitude about the world was predetermined.
The only behavior was, I would call it honesty again, but whatever, I don't know if that's related.
As far as a game that could shut down civilization, it's interesting to me that just in terms of game theory,
there always is this odd meta choice that you can use to just short circuit everything.
It's kind of what people who would be stoked about Trump's election would say that that's what his election was.
Well, let's just elect the fucking, like, the unelectable.
Like, why are we even doing this anymore?
Like, okay, I'll choose that.
Like, let's shut this Mountain Dew contest down, you know.
Let's shut this Mountain Dew contest down.
And now we're all so happy.
Yeah.
We've been liberated.
I was blackout drunk last time you were around, but like...
Did you listen to the episode afterwards?
No.
Oh, great.
I don't want to listen to that.
I'm a fucking drunk guy trying to have a show he can't handle.
But did I ask for your permission and or share the thing you told me about the election when you told me that you did the thing
and then you took a picture and then you did the thing?
I don't think we talked about that.
I don't...
I don't remember...
Are you opposed to sharing that?
No, no.
I'm totally...
This is like...
This will ruin the thing, but I'll talk about the thing.
Wait, what ruin what thing?
If I say what I did...
Holy shit.
It won't work.
Oh, it won't work?
Yes, yes, I know, I know.
But I'll say the thing.
It's kind of worth it because until we all die, you'll...
Like, I'm in awe of you.
What the fuck are you guys talking about?
This isn't the most tantalizing enigmatic...
When the election was between Hillary and Trump and the others, I went to my voting place.
I was so scared that Trump was going to win, that I went to my voting place and I voted for Trump,
took a photo of it with my phone, took out the thing, brought the ballot up and I went,
I'm sorry, I made a mistake, can I have another ballot?
They threw that ballot out and then I got another ballot and then voted correctly so that if they come to my door
and they're like, you know, the jackboots are there, I'll be able to pull out my phone
and be like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That was the actual motivation for that?
Yeah, yeah.
Really?
Really.
Self-preservation.
Yeah, yeah.
It wasn't just a bit, like, this will be hilarious to my friends.
No, no, it was, I haven't ever shown...
This will get you out of Montana one day.
Yeah, I haven't showed it.
That's fucking cynical.
And now, now it's over.
They will, they'll be like, no, we listened.
We love Harmontown.
They do.
We're hip to that jive.
Then I will say, yes, but that was a liberal audience, so I had to tell them that I ended up throwing the ballot away,
but really I was so proud of my vote and they'll say, you said that on the podcast.
Right.
I like that you're endowing the Trump faction with forethought and wisdom of any kind.
I just sabotaged you out of jealousy because when I'm in the firing line, I don't want to be like, fucking Heather, like...
I want you next to me.
I mean, that's the only really fun thing about getting shot by Nazis.
Or is this just your way, Heather, of trying to cover your ass because you actually voted for Trump?
But she wouldn't have had to explain that.
No, no, no, she was.
She's being like three steps ahead of the camera.
Oh, because her phone got hacked by moveon.org zealots and she's afraid that any day now that she knows what's in her photo roll.
Yeah, that's my...
Oh, god damn it, that photo I took when I proudly voted for Trump.
I also made a lot of money on the election.
You did?
Yeah, because I was so sure he was going to win that the February prior to the election, there's a website called PredictIt where you can gamble on politics.
And I was so sure that he was going to win that you could buy... So the way it works is that you buy a share based on the percentage of likelihood that something will happen.
So if the payout is a dollar and it's 11% likely that a thing will happen, you buy each share for 11 cents and then it cashes out at a dollar if the thing happens.
And so I bought a lot of Trump at 11 cents because I was like, he's definitely going to win.
How much do you make?
Thousands of dollars, which I left on the exchange because I felt so sick.
See, I knew he was going to win and I got nothing except just sadness.
He's also going to win next time, everybody, so buckle up.
Jeff, think about it, that website was around when 9-11 happened, huh?
Jeff knew 9-11 was going to happen.
I didn't know 9-11 was going to happen.
Jeff knew it, he was telling people for weeks.
Rob Schrab, you remember you called me up like...
I called Dan.
You called me.
Did I?
Yeah, you called me at my place when I lived on Talmadge and you called me up and I'd already had a panic attack because I thought that the world was going to collapse on me and everyone was going to die.
It was my job to pray for people on the other side of the world because a horrible thing was happening and I thought the walls were going to collapse on me.
And then I finally calmed down after like a half hour of like a full-on panic attack.
And Schrab called me up and he goes, you told me that the World Trade Center tower had gone down.
The Pentagon got hit.
You also told me the White House got hit.
You had some misinformation on that and you said turning your TV right now.
But it was you that called me and said that it was all going down.
So you were having a panic attack before the television was on?
Yes, I woke up and looking back on it, I remember looking at the clock and it was like 9-11.
6-0.
My clock said 9.
Well it was upside down, 6.
It was like 6-0-3 or 6-0-4, whatever it was.
But that was when like 9-0-3 or 9-0-4, whatever it was, is when the second plane hit the tower.
But I just woke up screaming and thought that the walls in my apartment were going to come smashing down on me.
And I thought I was going to die and I just kept screaming.
And then I realized no, it's not me that's in danger, it's people very far away and my job was to pray for them.
And I finally calmed down after a half hour of just wailing screaming and then Rob caught me up and said turn your TV on.
And then 9-11.
If you want to be the new Camille, you can engage this.
Camille was like, are you fucking kidding me?
You dreamt 9-11?
Wait, can you do a Camille?
My dream is to do a fucking Kumail Nanjiani impression and it's impossible.
Do your best Camille.
No, no, I just did.
I'm going to walk away with those winnings.
But keep going.
I want to learn how to do a Camille.
I had a fucking insane record-breaking nightmare a couple days ago.
You know, sometimes we have these amorphous like dream within a dream kind of things where it's sort of like the ingredients are like,
oh, I didn't know I was asleep, but I kind of felt like in my dream I was asleep or something like that.
But I had a full blown.
Like, I was having a nightmare about like someone being in my house and I woke up like freaking out like,
like kind of panicked and almost unable to breathe like semi sleep paralysis like coming out of the nightmare and Cody woke up and was like,
what's wrong?
And I'm like, I just had this crazy fucking nightmare and all this stuff like full on that whole thing.
And then stayed awake, tried to go back to sleep and then heard more stuff in my house and got up and was walking around that house,
which by the way, was not my house because everything I just described was a nightmare I then woke up from because that was all a dream, bitch.
All of it.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
So when I woke up, I was like, I was like, and then I had like genuine like sleep paralysis.
And in my real bed, like, like Cody was like, what's wrong?
And I'm like, you know what's wrong?
No, you don't know what's wrong because this is a different bed in a different house.
But I was like in a different house that was also unfurnished and wasn't a house I had ever lived in, but was living in with Cody in just a bed,
but like had no furniture, but it was like a big house and was like scary to walk around when you heard a sound and had this whole fucking nightmare in a nightmare.
God damn it, you should be more impressed.
It was like, it was, it was like, it was just cliche.
I mean, like, like it doesn't usually work that way. Like I literally dreamt I was in bed dreaming and didn't know.
Sometimes you know, you know, like you kind of know, whatever.
But it was just thought I'd share that.
What are you going to do? Cancel me?
Dan Harmon has been canceled after sharing a double layered nightmare.
Speaking of canceling, I was away on a trip, but apparently this show is coming to an end.
Yeah, we should announce that formally for the vast minority of people who didn't catch Dan's Instagram stream.
We're going to, we're going to stop, we're going to stop doing the show in December.
When? Like at the end of December or the first?
Well, probably more the early December since the, we probably won't be around to do shows for, you know, when everybody leaves for, for the holidays.
So we got some amazing guests coming up to kind of.
Like who? Who are you? Who's coming? Who's coming at a show?
Ed Neumeyer.
Woo.
Robocop.
Screenwriter of Robocop.
He didn't play Robocop.
There's silence.
Yep.
He's refused to come for eight years.
He was like, if you really want me, you'll end the show.
We got Laszlo Paniflex.
There's Flula Borg, the famous YouTuber.
That got a nice, better than Neumeyer.
We got two, two applause, applause from a single individual.
Dave Foley.
Dave Foley is going to be here.
Let's go.
Pewdiepie, I think is coming by now.
We're all going to subscribe to him while he's here.
Or be killed.
I had a dream. Can I tell you a dream?
Yes.
I had a dream when I had cancer that blew my fucking mind and gave me a lot of peace.
It was that I lived all the way to the end of my life and was an old woman and was still
with my girlfriend, Mary.
We have spoken in the past about how I want to, if uploading your consciousness becomes
a possibility, like if you can dump your load into a computer.
Drop.
Sorry.
God damn it.
Fuck.
I knew what you meant.
Heather, wake up.
It was all a dream.
Because you're a head and a jar.
I dreamt that we got all the way to the old age and we could do it.
You can upload your consciousness into a computer.
I was like, I want to do it.
We got a big fight.
I was like, well, okay, I won't do it.
I'll do it anyway, which will be the way it works.
In the dream, once I was in the computer, my POV of the dream became inside of the computer
version of me.
I discovered that your entire life was like an old iPod interface with the scrolling album
covers and that you could go back to any part of your life and click on a thing emotionally,
and replay that experience that you had in your life.
Then I discovered that you could branch the narrative from within the experience to see
what would have happened if you'd made other choices.
Then realized that when we talk about the reality is a simulation, that it's not a grand
simulation for all users, but that each user is simulating their memories of the universe
and making different choices over and over again, getting all the way to the end, realizing
you're still in a computer and then playing the game from that point all the way backwards.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, I am.
That was my dream.
Then I was like, oh, so if I die of cancer in this one, I'll just wake up in the computer
and then I'll be like, ah, great.
I know this time when I play that I won't fall.
You know what's crazy about downloading your brain into the computer?
Unless they decide to then kill your body, your brain will also still exist.
It doesn't just pour out of your brain.
It would presumably get copied over rather than literally jammed into a floppy disk.
You just simultaneously exist as this entity on the computer while your body still exists,
unless, again, a scientist kills it for you.
Do you think…
I thought it was cool.
Do you think… this probably is just hokum.
Why would I pull this out of my ass?
This is all nonsense.
My gut tells me that before we get to…
I'm going to put this bowl on your head and your brain information is going to come out
through a hose and then your brain is just… you can just outpatient walk out and go,
what would you do today?
Oh, I copied my brain.
It's in a computer right now that the technology will first have to go through a phase where
you absolutely can't get that information without destroying its original vessel.
That it's going to have to like… if it's actually going to pull every bit out of that
fucking bowl of tapioca, it's got to fucking stir it.
And that's stirring your brain is… well, that's what happened to Kennedy.
I mean, you get your brain stirred by bullets.
Also, other people, too.
Plenty of people.
But I had a conversation at this wedding I was at with a friend.
I was talking about that Casey Affleck movie where he's got the sheet over him, the ghost
story movie.
Have you seen that?
No.
It's really heart-wrenching.
Particularly because it disarms you with this hokey hipster thing.
It's just Casey Affleck in a sheet.
It divorces you from the Patrick Swayze mythology of people being ghosts and being green screened
and going, whoa, my fingers.
And it really forces you psychologically to contemplate one of the more… what I found
to be the stunning facts of death, which is that were you to die and were you to hang around,
you would be watching your lover not get over you in Spielberg's whatever it was
with Richard Dreyfuss and Holly Hunter.
Like purple.
No, that's not… but watching your girlfriend lose her house keys and eat a whole blueberry
pie because someone told her it was vegan, but then throw it up because she doesn't
know what to do with herself and people are coming.
But just watching your friends and lovers mourn your passing while you stood there and watched
it just devastated me.
And it made me realize that the thing I fear about death more than, oh my god, I'm going
to die is like, holy shit, what if I don't just go away?
What if I have to think about Cody?
Like and her having to put all this energy into my loss like, oh, that's the last thing
I want is for anyone to have to expend fucking tears for me and all this nonsense.
And then we started talking about like, so if you could avoid that, would you?
And I posed a hypothetical to her, this friend I was talking to at the wedding where I was
like, so say someone came to you and said today, they said, hey, listen, I'm from
the Umbrella Corporation.
We have a program called The Seaman.
You'll come back.
No, I thought like, for whatever reason, we have selected you as a candidate.
We don't know when you're going to die or how you're going to die, but if you die instantly,
if you participate in this program, you may wake up in a hard drive or ideally, maybe let's
say even just in a clone body, like that was a clone of your body, like we were working
out the kinks.
Hey, Dan, real quick, I'm getting crazy messages that we have a hard out in like 20 seconds.
All right.
Well, I was just like, yes, I do it.
I do it.
I do it even though it'd be like fucking pet cemetery.
We know it would be pet cemetery.
We know it would be awful, but we'd still do it.
This is what you said.
Like you, you'd be like, no, I'd never do that.
Of course we're going to do it.
We're all going to do it.
Yes.
Cliffhanger, let's give it up for Heather Anne Campbell, everybody.
We have a hard out.
We got to get out of the theater, Heather, what you did it again.
It was nice.
Good to see you guys.
Do some improv with Jeff real quick.
Oh, Jeff.
Yeah.
What?
We're at a time story.
Ready?
Yes.
Hi.
How are you?
Good.
Rob Schrab, everybody.
I'm your consultant, Jeff Davis, your mayor is Dan Harmon, precious of few of the moments
we all can share.
We'll see you for a few more before our Armageddon goes gently into that good night.
We'll see you all drive fast and take chances.
Did you get any of that?
Let's go.